this video bartending lesson is brought
to you by American bartender school
where in just one or two weeks you can
be fully trained and ready to work as a
professional bartender this drink is
called our Scooby Snack once again it
falls into our shooter classification so
we want to chill this down we're going
to shake it take our little mixing cup
place our ice in it
our recipe calls for a half ounce of our
daily Irish Cream Liqueur
1/2 ounce of our majority liquor which
is our honeydew melon flavored liqueur
sweet
and our final liquor will be our Malibu
rum Oh what about our Malibu rum looks
like it's a propriety brand it's a
Caribbean rum that's been in Sweden and
they flavor it with coconut however
there are other brands of coconut rum
out there now who just happens to be a
propriety brand we're going to use a
half ounce of our Malibu coconut rum and
then we're just going to put a little
dash of pineapple juice in there we
don't need too much I like serving it
into a stem cocktail glass however if
you're a little more basic you might
want to put it into one of our small
rock glasses either one just depending
what you have available I'm going to
strain it into our cocktail glass about
a half-inch off the top you don't want
to fill up all the way and we're going
to take a little whipped cream
there we have it Scooby's now
looks like a nice drink if you like
whipped cream rub it on the sweet side
for me but enjoy more video bartending
lessons our at our website bar
school.com